fix: Rename Component-  Smart Function into Smart Transform (#10002)
langflow-ai/langflow: docs/docs/Components/components-processing.mdx

* Feed instructions and context to your LLMs and agents with the [**Prompt Template** component](#prompt-template).
* Extract content from larger chunks of data with a [**Parser** component](#parser).

> * Filter data with natural language with the [**Smart Transform** component](#smart-function).

Reviewer: please find and replace all `#smart-function` with `#smart-transform` since the section name is now "smart transform"

5. Optional: If you want to use the saved file in a flow, you must use an API call or another component to retrieve the file from the given filepath.

## Smart Transform

> In Langflow version 1.5, this component was renamed from **Lambda Filter** to **Smart Transform**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Langflow version 1.5 and 1.6, this component was renamed.
It's previous names include **Lamba Filter** and **Smart Function**.
```
